handbook: how to replay a metrics dump from customers locally (#526)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/distribution/use_metrics_dump.md

# How to use a metrics dump

The two important things are to run the `prometheus` binary with the flag `--storage.tsdb.path` pointing at the snapshot and
to use the same version of Sourcegraph as the origin of the snapshot.

## Flag `--storage.tsdb.path` pointing at the snapshot

> Two ways to achieve this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to achieve this:
```

> * set the flag value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- set the flag value
```

> * set the flag value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- set the flag value
```

> * move the snapshot to where the flag currently points

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- move the snapshot to where the flag currently points
```

> Depending on deployment and dev environment, choose whichever is easier. For example in an `enterprise/dev/start.sh` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the deployment and development environment, choose whichever is easier. For example in an `enterprise/dev/start.sh` or
```

> `dev/start.sh` case it is probably easy to just copy or move the snapshot directory to the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dev/start.sh` case, it's probably easier to copy or move the snapshot directory to the location
```
